Project Title
A concise description of what this project does and who it's for.

Description
This project implements a Node.js server with a focus on streaming and updating data. The server fetches and streams data, simulating a real-time data processing environment. It's designed to handle API updates and stream data to a client-side application, making it ideal for applications requiring real-time data updates such as dashboards, monitoring systems, or data analysis tools.

Features
Real-time data streaming using Node.js and Express.
Automatic data updates at regular intervals.
API endpoint to receive and update data.
In-memory data manipulation for simulating real-time data changes.
Logging and error handling for robust operation.
Prerequisites
Before you begin, ensure you have met the following requirements:

Node.js (version 21.5.0 or later)
Basic understanding of JavaScript and Node.js
An environment to run Node.js applications (like VS Code, Atom)
Installation
To install this project, follow these steps:

Clone the repository to your local machine:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/your-repo-name.git
Navigate to the project directory:

bash
Copy code
cd your-repo-name
Install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
npm install
Usage
To use this project, follow these steps:

Start the server:

bash
Copy code
node server.js
The server will now be running on http://localhost:3030.

To fetch the current data, access http://localhost:3030/ from your browser or a tool like Postman.

To add new data, send a POST request to http://localhost:3030/add with the data payload.

The server automatically updates the data at defined intervals, and the changes can be observed on subsequent GET requests.

Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome. To contribute:

Fork the repository.
Create a new branch: git checkout -b new-feature.
Make your changes and commit them: git commit -m 'Add some feature'.
Push to the original branch: git push origin your-repo-name/new-feature.
Create the pull request.
Alternatively, see the GitHub documentation on creating a pull request.

Contact
If you want to contact me, you can reach me at your-email@example.com.

License
This project uses the following license: Enter License Here.